Update readme.md (#1748)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/112-javascript-asynchronous-javascript/103-callbacks/readme.md

> # Callbacks
> 
> A callback function is a function passed into another function as an argument, which is then invoked inside the outer function to complete some kind of routine or action.
> 
> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Callback_function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Callbacks

A callback function is a function passed into another function as an argument, which is then invoked inside the outer function to complete some kind of routine or action.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/callbacks'>Callbacks in JavaScript</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Callback_function'>Callback Functions</BadgeLink>
```
